blog(embertimes204): Ember QUnit 6.0.0 Release (#1222)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-204.md

---

## [Ember QUnit 6.0.0 Release 🚀](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-qunit/releases/tag/v6.0.0)

> [Chris Krycho (@chriskrycho)](https://github.com/chriskrycho) along with [Bert De Block (@bertdeblock)](https://github.com/bertdeblock) and [Francesco Novy (@mydea)](https://github.com/mydea) released ember-qunit v6.0.0, which adds full support for Ember v4, including [ember-auto-import](https://github.com/ef4/ember-auto-import) v2, and drops support for Ember < v3.24, and bug fixes around focus related tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Chris Krycho (@chriskrycho)](https://github.com/chriskrycho) along with [Bert De Block (@bertdeblock)](https://github.com/bertdeblock) and [Francesco Novy (@mydea)](https://github.com/mydea) released ember-qunit v6.0.0, which adds full support for Ember v4, including [ember-auto-import](https://github.com/ef4/ember-auto-import) v2, and drops support for Ember versions before v3.24, and fixes bugs around focus related tests.
```
